Edit: Server Softwares (#52)
FalixNodes-Software/help-center: _posts/minecraft/general/2021-08-22-server-softwares.md

## Cuberite 
[Cuberite](https://cuberite.org/) is an optimized Minecraft server software used for Cuberite plugins.

## Pocketmine(PMMP)

> [Pocketmine](https://pmmp.readthedocs.io/en/rtfd/installation.html) is a lightweight Minecraft Bedrock server software. It does support plugins and Multi world System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Pocketmine](https://www.pocketmine.net) is a lightweight Minecraft Bedrock server software. It supports Pocketmine plugins and Multi world Systems.
```

Author: Done

Reviewer: you do not have to say done, just mark this as resolved

## Altay
Altay is an optimized fork of Pocketmine(PMMP). It contains many extra features and supports all Pocketmine plugins.

## Vanilla Bedrock

> Vanilla Bedrock is the default Bedrock software provided by Minecraft. It does support Behaviour packs but not plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vanilla Bedrock is the default Bedrock software provided by Minecraft. It supports Behaviour packs but not plugins.
```
